Update Documentation (fix diffs and add settings) (#569)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/20-usage/71-project-settings.md

# Project settings

> As the owner of a project in Woodpecker you can change project related settings via the Webinterface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the owner of a project in Woodpecker you can change project related settings via the web interface.
```

## Repository hooks

> Your Version-Control-System will notify Woodpecker about events via webhooks. If you want your pipeline to only run on specific webhooks, you can check them by this setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your Version-Control-System will notify Woodpecker about events via webhooks. If you want your pipeline to only run on specific webhooks, you can check them with this setting.
```
